today it was a tragic day because it was known that finally he died
young man of 20 years and with a maturational delay that had disappeared in
the coasts of guardamar our companions were there in this
fateful afternoon to check the outcome
at six to ten in the afternoon one of the boats that since this morning
they participated in the search of the disappeared young man in guardamar
found his lifeless body a few meters from the beach in the same area where
disappeared yesterday
the corpse has been taken to the port of guardamar where an hour later it was
transferred to perform the autopsy
his family learned of the sad outcome in the tents that had
installed on Moncayo beach have been 24 hours of intense search in the
that more than 70 members of the Civil Guard have participated
and many others from the local police and orihuela civil protection that
they had moved to participate in the search
anaco where there is another
to the first
Do not let it pass from the Mata de Baleares jaume matas
if there is a common fund
with volunteers and militants of the eurozone
the young Oriolan was spending the day with his family on the beach of
moncayo of guardamar del segura when he disappeared
I was 20 years old although I suffered from a maturational delay and attacks
epilepsy
for what he was taking a medication this morning his mother was telling how
lost sight of him in a moment and did not think he had gotten in the water
since I did not do it when I was with waves
this one put on it took it hits it was suddenly the dam was not
e the friend told me that
that he had gone as for the water
but I did not see it in the water while the Chinese showing
and seeing that in a good water I started to walk for
the slaughter
and my friend to save more
and when
Some
is that at night there was no one if he got
not only did we not get to see inside the water
nothing has happened, never cruelty or gone to the equality of arming
maradona liked tutela bathed and yesterday lent almost all the time sitting
in the night chair
it did not move
the police forces began the deployment yesterday at seven in the afternoon
when the disappearance of the young man who was very well known in orihuela was denounced
by sea land and there that miguel has been sought from guardamar to the bush
the search finished this afternoon with a tragic end
between the troops the dogs of the canine unit of the civil guard that
They have been looking intensely for Miguel all day for this
border sa and extensive pine forest of guardamar
his mother has thanked the expressions of affection and the support he has received
for the whole day
the region had mobilized to look for miguel
The beach of Moncayo de Guardamar has many currents that in certain stretches
they make it dangerous and it is one where more water is usually produced